Terms & Conditions for VibExchange users prior to Registration.

(I have used ‘iAdept Marketing’ as company name wherever required . Please
correct if need be)
This web site is owned by iAdept Marketing based in New Delhi, India. The
website is registered as per Indian company registration law and has been
developed to provide Machine Condition Monitoring Consultancy/services.
Our services are open to all registered consultants and end-users and viewers
of our site. However registration is required to use the key features like
choosing a project or consultant , bidding for a project, etc.
By accessing or using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and
conditions below. iAdept Marketing reserves the right to change, modify, add
or remove any portions of these Terms and Conditions in its sole discretion at
any time and without any prior notice. Please check this page periodically for
any modifications.
The end- users, interested to avail Machinery Vibration Analysis and
Diagnostic Services or Remote Vibration Data Analysis, the nominal
consultation and service fee are applicable and the rates are published on the
website or can avail on request.
The end users who interested in On- location Vibration Analysis, the service
charges are applicable and the rates are available on request.
COPY RIGHT AND LIMITATIONS
All content in this site, including site layout, design, images, programs, text
and other information is the property of iAdept Marketing. You may not copy,
display, distribute, modify, publish, reproduce, store, transmit or sell any part
of the content, products or services obtained from this site in any medium to
anyone unless permission is received from iAdept Marketing.
The users may not use the services on the Site to publish or distribute any
information including software or other content which is illegal, which violates
or infringes upon the rights of any other person, which is defamatory, abusive,
hateful, profane, pornographic, threatening or vulgar, which contains errors,
viruses or other harmful components, or which is otherwise actionable at law.
MATERIAL PROVIDED OR POSTED ON THROUGH SITE
iAdept Marketing does not claim ownership of any material that you provide
to us including feedback and suggestions or post, upload, input or submit on
or through this Site, for review by the general public or by the members of
any public or private community and we are not responsible for its content or
accuracy.
However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your
submission you grant us right to display or publish. No compensation will be
paid with respect to the use of your submission. We are under no obligation
to display or otherwise use any submission you may provide, and we may
remove any submission at any time in our sole discretion.
By posting a submission, you also warrant and represent that you own or
otherwise control all of the rights to your submission including, without
limitation, all the rights necessary for granting the permission specified
above.
iAdept Marketing have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor
submissions to determine compliance with these Terms and Conditions and
any operating rules we establish and to satisfy any law, regulation or
authorized government request.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The site may contain hyperlinks to other relevant sites that are provided
solely for your information. iAdept Marketing is not responsible for the
availability of external sites or resources linked to the site, and does not
endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products
or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
***** please suggest text with regards to Transactions on the
site********************
The transactions that occur between you and any third party are strictly
between you and the third party and are not the responsibility of iAdept
Marketing because we are not responsible for the availability or accuracy of
these outside resources or their contents, you should review the terms and
conditions and privacy policies of these linked sites, as their policies may differ
from ours.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
iAdept Marketing does not warranty that the operation of the site will be
uninterrupted or error-free; that defects will be corrected; that this site,
including the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful
components; as to the results that may be obtained from use of the content
or other materials on the Site; or as to the accuracy completeness, reliability,
availability, suitability, quality, non-infringement or operation of any content,
product or service provided on or accessible from the Site.
This site and all content, products and services included in or accessible from
this site are provided "as is" and without warranties or representations of any
kind (express, implied and statutory, including but not limited to the
warranties of title and non-infringement and the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose), all of which iAdept
Marketing disclaims to the fullest extent permitted. Your use of the site is at
your sole risk.
iAdept marketing shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or
injury, caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies beyond its
control in procuring, compiling, interpreting, reporting or delivering
information through the site. In no event will iAdept Marketing , shall be liable
to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance
on such information. iAdept Marketing shall not be liable to you or anyone else
for any damages including, without limitation, consequential, special,
incidental, indirect, or similar damages even if advised of the possibility of
such damages.
SYSTEMS RELIABILITY
iAdept Marketing aims to keep the site available twenty-four (24) hours a day,
seven (7) days a week and to maintain saved information. However, due to
technical failures, acts of God or routine maintenance, availability may be
limited or information may be lost. iAdept Marketing shall not be liable for lost
information or non-availability of the services.
INDEMNIFICATION
The site users hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold iAdept Marketing
harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims,
expenses, suits, and costs arising from your use of the site or content.